Choosing birthday presents
Darming's grandparents like to stay healthy
So every day they get some exercise in a park near their home
They sometimes wear t-shirts
Darming's mother likes chocolate
But she doesn't often buy any because it isn't very healthy
She likes going shopping and always buys expensive clothes
She has got 11 silks garves, 20 dresses and a lot of shoes
She spends a lot of money
Betty's cousin likes reading and she reads lots of books and magazines
She also likes films and often goes to the cinema
But she never watches sport
Tony's sister likes music
She likes going to concerts but it's often expensive
She buys CDs of her favourite songs
Ling-linges aren't and uncle like football
But they don't go to football matches
They usually watch football on television at weekends
They always like watching AC Milan
But they sometimes watch Manchester United